Finally, after a year,
I'm here with Chewy.
And we're back in New York City.
Kleinfeld, here I come.
Oh, Randy!
- You have your roller skates on?
- Of course I'm ready!
- We're booked solid.
- I'm ready, baby!
- Hello, beautiful ladies!
- Hello, ladies!
It'll be full circle if I fall in
love with a dress by Randy.
- [gasping]
- That's the Beyoncé dress!
You're a genius!
[Lisette] Elaina? Somebody
go get her. Where is she going?
My sister,
she's a piece of work.
She's not even listening
to our input
when we know what the look is.
And that's the nicest thing
I can say.
Would you even be able
to pull that off?
- [Candace] Absolutely.
- I don't know, Candace.
- Are you ready for your bride?
- Yes.
I'm very anxious about seeing
the dress for the first time.
If my mom doesn't like it,
I'm gonna be a little upset.
I would not put this on the same
level as the Beyoncé one. Uh-uh.
I think she wants, more than
anything, to wear your dress.
I don't know. Is my gut wrong? Is
my head wrong? Is my heart wrong?
I don't care whose dress it is.
I don't know. It's kind of giving
me prom vibes, or something.
The prom?
What kind of girl would
wear this to a prom?
I would wear it to the prom.
[Elaina]
I need you guys to trust me.
This is my dress.
This is not a...
a "we" situation.
I don't wanna ugly cry.
But, I can't help it.
Oh, wow. [chuckles]
It feels so amazing
to be back here at Kleinfeld.
I spoke to Ronnie a few
weeks ago about a trunk show.
I didn't know if I was gonna
actually be able to make it here.
But I literally moved mountains
and here I am.
Yeah, look. Look at this,
Chewy. It's all different.
Yeah.
- [Dorothy] Chewy!
- [Ronnie] Chewy!
- Chewy's here!
- [Dorothy] What are you doing here, Chewy?
Chewy. Where's Randy?
- [Ronnie] If Chewy's here, Randy's here.
- [Randy] Who is that?
- [Dorothy] Oh, Randy!
- Oh, Dorothy!
I feel like I haven't
seen you in ages.
- You haven't!
- I love you!
You haven't changed a bit!
I'm outta COVID jail! Ronnie!
Only Dorothy and Ronnie
know that I'm gonna
be here today.
The brides don't know, and
the consultants don't know.
So, this should really be fun.
- Marissa!
- What is all the commotion?
Finally! In person.
I've been waiting
five months for this.
- Randy, oh, my God!
- My Mindalisious!
- It's so nice to see you not on a screen anymore.
- Right?
Looking at the ceiling,
and the floors.
- By the way, he came here with new gorgeous dresses.
- Yes!
- Awesome!
- He came with Chewy.
It is so amazing to be back.
To be able to hug people.
To be able to do what I love,
in person. To be outta
the house!
- Do you have your roller skates on?
- Of course I'm ready.
- We're booked solid. Listen to me.
- I'm ready, baby!
I'm gonna get you set up. Come
on, bring your pet. Bring your bag,
and I'm gonna take you
in the back. Come on.
- Come on. Come on.
- Chewy! Where's Chewy?
- Let's do it.
- Chewy!
- I'll catch you later.
- Come on, Randal!
- [Randy] Okay, nice seeing you.
- Where's Chewy?
He's probably out in the lobby
greeting people.
- Yay, I'm so happy you're here.
- Me too.
- So pretty!
- I know it!
All right. Let me grab
a couple clips.
So, I know I have a bride
that's coming in that
if it's exactly
who I think it is, oh, boy!
[squealing]
- This is so exciting!
- See, like those ones back there.
I know, it's so cute.
[Candace] She was here
a couple months ago.
She came with her mom
and her sister.
And, they were full of energy.
But, they were
full of opinions.
- I don't like that. I don't like that at all.
- What do you mean?
- It's beautiful.
- It's elegant.
- [Jill] Wait!
- You don't need all that extra... Elaina!
Somebody go get her.
Where is she going?
- [Elaina squealing]
- Oh, my God.
I came here a couple months
ago with my mom and sister.
I found something that I loved.
But it was shot down
very quickly by them.
It was a crazy,
intense experience.
So, yeah.
Now I'm back
to find something else.
See, like simple.
Simple silhouette.
I don't know why she's
running to all the jewels.
[Jill]
All right, let's focus.
- [Lisette] Yeah, okay. Bring it in.
- Let's focus.
I mean, I'm not gonna say
it was totally my fault,
but I feel like it's a little
my fault.
I personally think, that
my direction came off a little
harsher than what I intended...
- That is exactly what happened.
- Yeah, I apologize.
[Lisette] I just feel like
I didn't get that "wow,
warm and fuzzy,
I want to cry" feeling.
And you know,
maybe this time, I will.
You could shine
with a simple dress.
- Think about...
- You don't need the crazy.
I'm not simple.
My sister wants me to be
in this modern dress.
I want to be walking down the
aisle in like diamonds and flowers.
That's me.
But, I really trust
my sister's opinion,
and I'm really trying to keep
an open mind this time around.
So... yeah.
- Oh, my God.
- [Elaina squealing]
Thank goodness.
[Jill]
Thank goodness she's here.
Oh, my goodness.
Candace, you have to tell her.
- Thank you.
- Oh, my God.
We've gotta talk
some sense into her.
- Yes, she's... Same as last time.
- What's happening?
She's not even listening
to our input
when we know what the look is.
- When you know what the look is for... her wedding?
- Exactly. For me.
- Our wedding?
- Well, I mean... But my look is the look.
We're gonna have a different
time this time. That's all I'm saying.
That's the goal.
That is the goal.
This time around...
we have a better idea
of what we want. Right?
Yes. We have a better idea
of what we want.
We have a clear idea.
- Still sparkles, still diamonds.
- Okay.
Still gorgeous and glamorous.
Just like last time.
- Just like last time. Okay.
- Yeah.
I mean, I definitely think
that she did
a lot of sweetheart necklines,
so maybe just like a different
neckline or a different vibe.
So because Elaina is so petite,
I would love to see her in
something that's
not so crazy, like,
no crazy bedazzled,
like just a simple,
really nice silhouette.
Yeah, I need to see something
that's not gonna overpower her.
What does you fiance
have in mind for you?
Or does he have anything in
particular that he wants to see you in?
He likes for me
to look beautiful
and shine like the star I am.
[chuckles]
Shaun and I met each other
as children,
our parents were family friends
and once we both graduated,
um, college,
he reached out to me.
I said to my mom, "I don't know,
is this the little boy that I remember
from the basement parties?"
And she said, "No. Give
it a try. He's a nice guy."
It did not take much for me
to fall in love with Shaun.
He's kind, funny,
sweet, hardworking.
Every quality that I would
want in a husband...
he is.
- I'm gonna steal you. You're gonna come with me.
- Okay.
And I'll have
you two lovely ladies...
- have a seat over there.
- Okay.
- Thank you some much, Candace.
- [Candace] All right, welcome.
Thank you.
We'll see you guys soon.
-Let the show begin
-[Jill] Let the show begin!
[Elaina squeals]
Ah! I'm excited. I'm excited.
So there is no budget for today.
My mom is gifting me the
dress as my wedding present,
so I really wanna
feel special today.
I wanna feel like a bride.
I want to just feel like
how I've always
dreamed of feeling.
- There was a dress...
- Yeah.
That you loved
the last time you were here.
- Is that one dress still relevant?
- Yes.
Or did we kinda kick
that out completely?
[Elaina] I wanna see
what else is out there.
- Maybe we can try on the dress that I loved before.
- Okay.
See if I got the same feeling but I
do wanna see what else is out there.
We're always on the same team.
- We're always on the same team.
- Always on the same team.
- Me and you. You and I. We got this.
- Yes.
- Teamwork.
- I'm ready. Thank you, Candace.
You're welcome, love.
I'll be right back.
Thank you.
[Candace] So, I'm thinking
we're gonna do a quick 180,
because even though
she loved it,
they're here again to see
something new, not the same things.
Ugh... I'm nervous
about the sister.
I have a dress in mind that I wanna
bring that I think she's gonna like.
Got it.
And I also think her sister's
gonna like as well.
[Elaina] Yes.
- Elaina!
- [squeals] Hi.
- I've got some good dresses here for you.
- Okay!
- So...
- I see some glitter.
- Yes. We have glitter.
- I love that.
- We have clean. For your sister.
- I don't know...
[Elaina] So simple,
and just like...
I'm not simple. So we'll try,
but I don't know.
Last time,
I really was tunnel vision,
and this time,
I'm trying to just...
be more accepting of different styles
and different shapes, so we'll see.
I love the fact that it
accentuates my figure.
It makes me look tall.
Okay, this fits snug.
I look good.
- Ooh, the buttons.
- [chuckles]
I did not see the buttons!
I can appreciate it. It's still pretty
but there's something missing.
- Let's see what they say. Let's see what they say.
- Okay.
It's important for me to
show my family this dress,
because they wanted to see me
in a plain dress. I'm in a plain dress.
Aww.
- Stop!
- Ah! Okay.
- Okay, let's see.
- That's a good response.
- Okay.
- [Candace] What do we think?
What do you think?
Okay. So I love
how simple it is.
I-- I-- Is it the one?
I don't think so particularly.
I'm not in love with the straps.
Yeah, but you know what?
I put this on for you.
- So, it's...
- Okay.
[Jill] I feel like I can't
believe we're saying this.
This is what we asked
you to put on, we know that.
But I'm a little underwhelmed,
now that I see it.
It's almost as if
they never left.
I walked back into the trio of
who's right and who's wrong.
I don't know, it's kinda giving
me prom vibes or something.
- It's not giving me--
- The prom?
- This dress? Prom?
- Yeah. It's not giving me bride.
Prom?
Who would wear this to a prom?
With the neckline,
I'm getting like very prom.
What kind of girl would
wear this to a prom?
I would wear it to the prom.
[upbeat music playing]
[Dorothy] Let me show you. Let
me show you where the dresses are.
- [Randy] Okay. 'Cause I think there's...
- Hold on.
- That you need to get out.
- Yeah, yeah, they're right here.
Okay, this is last season.
- This is Belinda.
- Okay.
- So we should bring this one out.
Okay. That one you can leave. That one
you can leave. And this one you can leave.
- Okay, okay.
- Hello.
Randy. Hello.
How's it going?
- We're just pulling dresses.
- Hey, Mindy.
Hi, Dorothy.
How's it going?
- We're gonna bring some more dresses out.
- Yeah.
So I have a bride.
She just came in.
- First one of the day?
- First one of the day.
Don't worry, I'll get the dresses
out afterwards. Thank you.
All right, no problem.
- Thanks, Dorothy. I don't mean to steal him away.
- No, no, no. That's okay.
Brides are calling.
Oh, my God.
This is so exciting.
- Oh, my God.
- Wow.
- Wait, stop.
My inspiration to become
a fashion designer
definitely started with
Say Yes to the Dress.
- Oh, my God. Wait.
- Oh, my God, the feathers.
You wanna try feathers?
[gasps]
[Kimberly] You really see
the magic
of the design industry
that moment where
the bride turns around,
she has the veil on
and the dress of her dreams,
and like nothing else
in the world matters,
except for that moment
and how she feels.
And that's how knew
this is where I belong.
Oh, my God.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
- I like this one.
- Is this the...
- It is! It's the Beyoncé dress.
- [gasps]
It's the Beyoncé dress?
- Yes, yes, yes.
- Pull it, pull it, pull it.
It'd be full circle if I
saw Randy today. Um...
And if Randy is here today,
I do have a gift to give him.
- Hold this.
- Okay.
He's gonna appreciate it.
- [Randy] Ah. Here they are.
- [Mindy] Yeah.
- Hello, beautiful ladies.
- Hello, ladies.
[gasps]
- [Monica] Oh, wow.
- [laughs]
- Hello.
- Oh, my God.
- I'm Randy.
- [Monica] This is not real life.
- [all chuckle]
- Nice to meet you.
- Oh, my God.
- How are you?
I'm fantastic now.
- So you're the bride, obviously.
- I am the bride.
- Hi, Kim.
- And who do you have with you?
I have my matron of honor,
Rachel.
- Hi, nice to meet you.
- Hello beautiful, Rachel, how are you? And you are?
- Monica.
- Monica, nice to meet you.
- [Mindy] You guys look fabulous.
- Thank you.
- It's like a fashion play.
- Every time we go out, we have a dress code.
[Randy] I guess pink's
the color of the day, right?
[Mindy] Obviously.
[Kimberly] Um, I'm actually
a fashion designer.
- You are!
- And so is Rachel.
And so is Monica.
- [Mindy] Okay, all right.
- All three of you are fashion designers?
- Yes!
- Wow, what kind of fashion do you design?
Bridal evening wear.
- [both] Really!
- Yeah.
If you're a
bridal gown designer,
why aren't you
designing your own dress?
Sometimes you like start
putting it together
and you think
you know what you want,
and you don't.
And then, at that point,
what am I gonna do?
Creating a dress is
like building a house.
- Yeah, I hear you.
- So...
So what are you looking for,
do you have an idea in mind?
I do. And my idea is called
Beyoncé, and she's right over there.
Oh, my God!
Can I tell you,
that is one of my... I mean,
there're all my babies...
- I know.
- But that's one of my favorite children.
[Mindy]
You really need a wow factor.
I can just already tell, Kim,
you are not going to settle for
anything less than the wow factor.
I need like impact, drama...
Glam is the plan.
Have you tried on
wedding dresses elsewhere?
- Um, I went to one other place.
- Okay.
Was there anything
that you loved?
I like that first one
the best. The first ball gown.
It was like the Lazaro.
- [Monica] Oh, the Lazaro ball gown.
- Yeah, yeah.
[Kimberly] And it had this asymmetric
layer on top. It was gorgeous.
You like the ball gown
silhouette?
Ball gowns or mermaids.
Which is opposite ends
of the spectrum.
Okay, so I like a lot of
things, but I don't like plain.
- How much would you like to spend?
- Um, 10,000.
- Oh, that's plenty.
- That's great.
So, is there anything else we
should know before we start shopping?
Oh, I mean, just that I have
the best fiance in all the land.
Really?
His name is Anthony Kormono.
We started dating when we were
15 and 16 years old in high school.
- Oh, that is so cute.
- High-school sweethearts!
Not to brag but
I did hit the lottery of men.
He's funny, he's caring.
He's wicked smart.
Obviously, very handsome.
Um, romantic.
And he's my rock for when
I'm going through a crisis
or I think I'm going
through a crisis, and I'm not.
He brings me back down to earth,
which is where I need to be.
[Mindy] Come on in!
There we go! [grunts]
- [Randy] There goes my arm.
- Oh, so beautiful.
So what's this?
So this is a little something
from the heart from me to you.
- Aww.
- Um...
- Thank you.
- I give this to you.
Okay.
- [Mindy] Oh, my God!
- Oh, my gosh!
- It needs something.
- It needs something, yeah.
- In the waist or...
- And lose the straps.
So a whole new dress basically.
A whole new dress.
- What do you think my reaction's gonna be?
- I think you're gonna like it.
Hi, girls, are you ready
for your bride?
- Thank you.
- I give this to you.
What's this for?
You have inspired me
all throughout the years.
And you inspired my career.
And I'm just so grateful.
Okay.
- Oh, my God!
- Oh, my gosh!
Chewy?
- Oh, my God, you did this?
- I did.
So, I am also a
pet portrait artist.
And I had to do it.
This is absolute perfection.
Really, honestly, thank you.
Seriously,
Of course.
No, thank you, really.
That is my goal, is to help
people feel better and inspire them.
Just to hear that...
It's very touching.
I remember this photograph,
I took it at an airport.
He was in a little red chair.
Okay, do you need to go shopping
for more dress? Let's get that Lazaro.
I think let's put the Lazaro in
the room just to have it here.
- I do have one, there's this Pronovias.
- Okay.
The style name is Saint.
- Yes, I have Saint as well.
- Okay.
[Mindy] Fantastic!
- Why don't I get that?
- Okay.
- And which one of these do you wanna start with?
- Beyoncé.
- [Mindy] Great.
- Okay, good luck, ladies!
[Kimberly] Oh, my gosh!
So beautiful!
There is one Randy dress that is so special
to me, it's called the Beyoncé dress.
And the embellishment
is so beautiful.
I have high hopes
for that dress.
I do.
- First dress!
- Oh, my God.
- Let me get those straps for you.
- I won't scream.
- You can, it's okay.
- Oh, my God.
It's exactly what I expected
and more.
I mean, look at your waist
first of all.
Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam.
Yes, ma'am.
Full circle, everything feels
complete with the Beyoncé dress on.
Hey, ladies.
[both] Hi.
So have you seen... You obviously
saw the drawing she did of Chewy.
She took her time on it,
so I'm so happy you liked it.
My everything.
Chewy's my whole world.
He's the most important
thing in my world.
[Mindy]
Are you guys ready for this?
[Rachel] She looks incredible!
- Look at her walk out with that.
- Beautiful.
The confidence, right?
Oh, my God. You're a genius!
You're a genius, too.
How do you feel?
Oh, my God!
This dress... I said it in there,
I'm like, "This dress is divine."
Kim you look stunning, like I
just love this detail and your body.
It's like a beautiful
hour glass shape.
- I mean...
- [Rachel] Unbelievable.
Very sexy because the lace and
the flowers, it's kinda sweet.
Then you've got this
really sexy plunge.
Is there anything you
don't like about this?
Um...
I wish it had
a little more structure.
Which I get, a lot of brides like
to be comfortable, they like to do...
I don't mind being sucked in,
corseted and all that.
[Randy] We can always put some
more in-- alterations if you want.
Let's sway it around, shall we?
Yes. I feel magical.
Okay. Like you dropped out
of the heavens.
Exactly.
- That was a strong start, I feel like...
- That was a very strong start.
We came back here specifically
to try on this simple chic
whatever dress that
you guys wanted,
and now you're sitting here
saying that you don't like it,
so what are we doing here?
I mean, I feel bad.
I know she picked it for me
and I know I was really pushing
the simple and the classic but
I might have been wrong.
- I know it's crazy to say but I might...
- You?
I know, I know, I know but...
- Are you okay?
- Yeah, I know.
[Candace]
We love the strapless.
Do we all agree that
strapless may be it?
I would be willing to see
a sweetheart.
- Now that I see this.
- [Lisette] Thank you for trying it on, though,
I love seeing you in it.
- You are most welcome.
- Thank you so much.
And now we can take it off and
throw it back in the dressing room.
- Next, next, on to the next.
- Perfect, all right.
She looks like
a little cake top.
- Aww.
- Okay, ladies, ta-ta.
I put this dress on to appease
my sister and my mother but
also to kinda give me an idea
of just what else is out there.
All right.
But I think it's time for me to start
taking control of this appointment.
I am gravitating more
towards this one.
Glitter, diamonds, flowers.
Just more pretty and sparkly and
that's where I wanna go next with this.
This is so pretty!
[Candace] So this is
more of like a trumpet.
What is the difference
between mermaid and trumpet?
- So this comes like higher like right above the...
- Okay.
Right at the hip.
And the mermaid is more
like right above your knee.
I love the flowers, I love
the sparkle. I love it all.
I'm feeling beautiful. I'm feel confident
and I'm just feeling more like myself.
[Lisette]
Mmm-hmm, mmm-hmm.
- We're waiting for the wow.
- I know.
[Elaina] Oh, no smiles.
No smiles.
[Candace]
All right, what do we think?
Well, I know what I think,
what do you think?
Ooh.
Oh, my gosh, well, I
love it, I think it's beautiful.
I think that it is everything that
I told you guys that I wanted.
It's just-- it's very shiny
and glitzy and glamy so
I love this.
I think it's beautiful.
I want some wedding cake with
whipped cream when I look at it.
What?
It's just...
Mom!
- I... What is all this?
- Is that a good thing?
No! What is all this?
[Lisette] The only thing
that we pretty much got right
is the neck line, which even this
little meshy thing I'm not in love with.
- This nude washes you out.
- Yeah, that's what--
That's what it is, Mom!
Yeah.
This one's gonna be
a no from me.
And I feel like you're not
either. Like, I feel like you like it,
but I'm not getting
that glow from you.
- Like I'm looking for a little glow.
- Okay...
And this is giving me more
washed-out than glow.
Again, it's like flashing back to
Kleinfeld's part one, it's a nightmare.
This is my dress,
this is not a "we" situation.
I think I know what I want,
and I need for you guys to trust
me and my gut in this process.
[Jill] I know you know
what you want.
- But we are literally here looking at you.
- Yep.
I don't...
I don't see it.
- Let's try one more time.
- [Lisette] Yeah. And we want you to be happy.
I kinda feel badly, I don't wanna
crush her dreams or crush her spirit.
But until she has that glow,
that look of confidence
that I know is within her, I've
gotta be honest and tell her.
We love the train.
As I'm walking back to the
dressing room,
I just have this moment of clarity,
and I say, "You know what"...
Candace, I think we should go
back to the dress from last time.
- I know it's a Hail Mary...
- Really.
I know, I know.
Something about that
second dress
just reminded me of the dress
that I tried on earlier,
and I cannot get it out
of my head.
I miss it. I just wanna put it on
one more time just to see how I feel.
It's time for me to
put it on again.
- Okay.
- Let's do it.
- Okay, let's do it.
- Let's do it, okay. Let's go. Let's go.
I would not put this on the
same level as the Beyoncé one.
There's no bling
and it's just not Kim.
- This is not...
- I don't know I like it.
I feel absolutely gorgeous.
All right.
I'm so happy that we at least
have, like, a new number one for you.
I'm really excited. I know Randy's
also trying to find the other ones,
just so we can make sure
that we really love it.
Okay, Lazaro, Lazaro, Lazaro.
Lazaro!
There is this Lazaro dress
that I tried on at another store.
There we go.
And now I need Pronovias.
And there is a very particular
Pronovias dress.
And it's very different than what I expecting
to like, but I'm gonna give it a try.
I don't think I'm gonna
like this on her.
I'm not gonna like this on her.
Okay, let's see if she likes it.
Okay.
- May I come in?
- Yeah! Come on in, Randy.
- Hi.
- So I have your two dresses.
Fantastic!
This is one of your favorites.
- Yeah.
- That one's just kinda understated.
[Kimberly]
Yeah, I like this shape.
- Okay, have fun, ladies.
- Thanks, Randy.
I love the idea of
wearing a Randy dress.
But I know that I can't be tied
down to any one type of idea.
I also really love this.
Oh, my God.
- That is also a great reaction.
- This is so hard. Why!
No, I know why, oh, my...
Oh, my God, okay. Wow!
This is the shape.
And I feel held in.
Keep it together.
There's no crying in fashion.
I think a lot of brides come in thinking
that they want one specific thing,
and they end up actually
gravitating towards
that other thing because
it's new, it's fresh.
This could be the winner.
- All right.
- [gasps] Wow!
We've got the Pronovias.
This is the Saint dress.
[Rachel] Oh, wow!
I love the layers,
I love that it crisscrosses.
[Randy] Oh, how we doing?
I really love it.
- You know, you actually look beautiful in this.
- Thank you.
But there's no beads
and there's no lace.
Yeah, it's missing pizzazz.
But I love the shape.
I would not put this on the
same level as the Beyoncé one.
There's no bling and
it's just not Kim.
- This is not saying Kim.
- [Kimberly] I don't know, I like it.
I feel like I'm being
held in well.
Um, this ruching
detail's subtle.
But it's still very pretty.
Like, is that what you love?
Like, you love like
the shape but like also--
I really like this dress.
I mean, it's a tie.
- Oh, wow. Okay.
- [Mindy] We were borderline almost tears.
- On this one?
- Yeah.
Yeah. Girl!
Yeah, I mean I understand
why she likes this dress.
It's a beautiful dress and
I don't know if she's getting
too caught up in designer mode,
but she's not thinking
about herself
and how she wants to feel
on her wedding day.
Am I straying far away
from myself?
- Kind of.
- Yeah.
I mean, you came in
wearing ostrich feathers.
If you feel more beautiful
in this than that.
That's what you have to go with.
Which dress do you
feel the most beautiful in?
I can't answer that just yet.
[Randy] So now to the Lazaro?
- Um, yes.
- Okay.
Probably our biggest challenge in this
appointment with Kim is the fact that she's...
still torn between
two different silhouettes.
A ball gown and
a mermaid silhouette.
And if you don't love the Lazaro,
then I wouldn't come out in it.
Okay.
I don't know where
we are in this appointment.
Ah, here it is.
I came here a couple of months
ago with my mom and sister.
I found something that I love but it
was shot down very quickly by them.
They said that it was
kinda outdated.
I don't even know
what that means.
Come on concealer
don't fail me now.
- It's not.
- Girl!
Man, it's been intense
out there.
I feel like she is trying to put her
family first and her feelings last.
- It is here!
- Oh, my gosh!
We need to put
her feelings first
and add her family to that mix.
Oh, my God!
Oh, I'm getting emotional.
I just wanna cry, all of the
feelings came right back to me.
I love it!
It's everything that
I remembered it being,
and, like, my heart is just
so happy right now.
This was my dress then and
this will be my dress today.
This is it.
I don't care what they say.
[shushes] Stop it. Enough.
This is it. We're done.
This is it.
Hopefully, third time's a charm.
We'll see.
[screaming in excitement]
You guys...
Oh, my God.
I can't stop smiling.
[Lisette] I mean...
It's-- You know what?
I love how it has...
the different tone in nude.
The different tone in nude
is definitely nicer.
[Elaina] I'm sorry,
did you say that you loved it?
[Lisette] I actually love
the bottom lace.
I love the little sleeve on it.
- And you know...
- [voice breaking] Oh, my God.
She's just really glowing.
Is this the same one
that you had last time?
Oh, you're being so nice.
- [Candace] It is the same one that she had the last time.
- Is it really?
- Oh, my God!
- It's the dress! It's the dress!
[Lisette] Oh, my God.
I don't know.
Something about it
looks different this time.
I think it's your confidence,
sweetheart.
[Lisette] Yeah, I agree.
This is the same dress
that you had on before.
- You did not have this assuredness.
- [Lisette] No.
[Elaina] I think that it's just
me seeing it this time around.
I have a different perspective.
I was wearing a mask
and I think this is my
first time... [sniffles]
Seeing myself in a dress.
Yeah. Oh, stop.
I'm gonna cry. Don't cry.
What do you think, Mom?
- I think she's glowing.
- [Elaina sniffles]
I don't want to ugly cry
but I can't help it
because I'm so happy inside.
The only thing I'm a little
worried about though is
it's so much detail that like...
will a veil be too much?
Would you even be able
to pull that off
- with all of this train, too?
- [Candace] Oh. Absolutely.
I don't know, Candace.
- I don't know. We'll try.
- Let me get the veil.
- We can try.
- We'll give it a try.
[Jill] Okay.
[Elaina] I don't know what
Kleinfeld spell came over Lisette,
I just feel like a huge weight
has been lifted off my shoulders.
Oh, it's so pretty.
- [Candace] It's simple and pretty.
- She's our little bride.
- I know.
- Oh, Mom, you're crying.
[Lisette] Don't cry, Mom.
[Elaina exclaiming]
Oh, Mom.
- [Lisette] I know. It's all coming together.
- It's beautiful.
[Jill] It's everything I think
you ever dreamed of
and it's more than
I ever dreamed of.
You're so beautiful.
Okay.
Oh, my God!
100% this is it.
- I'm gonna cry! I ain't gonna cry.
- [all cheering]
I don't wanna
mess up my make-up.
You guys, this is it.
Can I ask you the question?
- Oh, wait. The question. The question!
- Ask me the question!
[Candace] Elaina...
are you saying yes to the dress?
[screams] Yes!
[Jill]
It looks beautiful!
[Lisette]
We love it so much.
- [Jill] You look so beautiful!
- So pretty.
[Elaina] This day is something that
I've dreamed of since I was a little girl.
I feel like a bride.
I feel important,
I feel special,
and I couldn't have asked
for anything more.
We're leaving here in a
completely different place,
and I am excited.
We're leaving here with a dress.
We are leaving here
with a dress!
[all cheering]
She said yes.
[Lisette] I am glad we were all
able to come to an agreement.
She's happy.
We're happy
- that she's happy.
- [Elaina] We're all happy.
- We're all so happy.
- All happy.
And I knew,
at the end of the day,
my choice would've been
right for you.
My choice is the right choice.
[Kimberly] Oh, no.
The look of disappointment
on you guys.
Oh, my God.
So excited.
Mom gets to see my dress.
- Can't wait.
- [Morgan giggles]
Is that a real smile
or a fake smile?
A real smile.
I love that dress.
It's so pretty.
So, so pretty.
I grew up doing pageants,
so I have this soft spot for like
very fancy dresses and stuff so...
I of course had to come here
for the big day to find my dress,
but unfortunately, my mom
had to tune in over FaceTime
because of COVID.
Now, since she is here
for my dress fitting
I am so excited but also nervous
for her to see it in person.
'Cause I don't think it's what
she envisioned me in.
It's like a pageant gown
on steroids.
- Yeah.
- [Teresa laughing]
I guess I was thinking
she was gonna be doing
something that would be
a little bit less conservative.
But then when she chose
that one so quick, I was like,
"Oh, wow. Okay."
Hi. Good morning, girls.
My name is Lorena. I'm
gonna be your fitter today.
- You girls ready?
- [Morgan] Yeah.
- You can follow me.
- Awesome.
[Morgan] I think she
was just caught off guard
but it's definitely hard
not to have doubts.
It's been 10 months, I guess.
I'm like, "Did I choose
the right one? Is this right?"
[Lorena] So, mom and
sister can sit right here.
- We are gonna surprise you in a second.
- [Morgan] Yay!
[Teresa] I really just want
her to be happy
and comfortable at the wedding.
However, I would like her
to listen to my advice
just a little bit.
Oh, I love him.
We are very close.
I think Darius is just
gonna be blown away.
My fiance and I met
when we were both in college.
He's just great.
Like, so fun, so crazy.
He definitely gets me
out of my comfort zone.
We got engaged
last March in Paris.
We're taking pictures and stuff,
and then all of a sudden,
he's on one knee.
I was like,
"Oh, my gosh."
It was magical to say the least.
- [Lorena] So, this is us.
- Wow.
So...
Ready to try it on?
Yeah.
What do you think
my reaction's gonna be?
I think you're gonna like it.
- Can you out your hands on your waist for me, please?
- Yeah.
Thank you.
It feels good, yeah.
[Morgan] I'm hoping she loves
it but we are about to find out.
Hi, girls.
Are you ready for your bride?
We are.
Do you want this one, buddy?
Hey, buddy?
Get it!
[Mindy]
Should we try the Lazaro?
- Yeah, I think I need to see the ball gown.
- Okay, let's do it.
There is a dress that I
tried on at another store
that I wanted to try on again
to eliminate it,
so I can move on
with the Pronovias
or the Beyoncé dress.
- [sighs] Okay.
- Wow.
Is it how you remembered?
It is how I remembered, yeah.
So this Lazaro dress,
I love it just as much as I did.
Maybe even more.
Gorgeous.
But now I am thinking about
the Beyoncé dress. [chuckles]
I think I can take
the Lazaro out of my life.
I'm gonna pout.
If you're thinking about
another dress
when you have
a different one on...
that's not it.
- [Mindy] We have Beyoncé back on.
- [Kimberly] Oh, geez Louise.
[grunts] This is hard.
Okay.
Um, I was expecting a little
more drama in the shape
maybe, uh, and that's why I'm
getting pulled back to the other one.
- Hmm.
- But this has everything else.
I mean, this is...
[sighs]
Such a beautiful dress-- you
know, We'll try on the Pronovias.
I really love to come here,
have a full circle moment,
you know, have
a career inspired by Randy,
then wear a dress by Randy.
[groaning]
I'm looking for that aha moment.
- Hi. How's it going?
- Hi.
It's going.
[Mindy] Um, I think
she is incredibly torn,
and I think it's an
emotional decision because
I think she wants, more than
anything, to wear your dress.
I don't know, is my gut wrong? Is
my head wrong? Is my heart wrong?
One of them is wrong.
[laughs]
[knocking at door]
Yes?
- Hi, gorgeous.
- Hello there.
You love this, don't you?
- I do really like this.
- Well, then, let that dress go.
But, your dresses
are so beautiful,
- it's hard to like...
- [Randy] It doesn't matter.
- I only want one thing.
- [Kimberly] Hmm.
For you to have the dress
- that you feel the most beautiful in.
- Yeah.
I don't care whose dress it is.
Little disappointing that they
didn't love it as much as I loved it.
I wanna say yes
and pop champagne.
It's not what
they were expecting,
'cause I came in, and I wanted
every embellishment
known to man, but I don't know.
Yeah, you do. Choose
the dress that you want.
I think I what should I do.
Oh, no. I have a feeling
about this next one.
It might be the same Lazaro one,
unless they found
a different one.
[dramatic music playing]
[Kimberly] Oh, no!
The look of disappointment
on you guys.
- No way.
- I was able to eliminate the Lazaro.
What?
- Okay.
- Oh, my God.
- How we feeling?
- Even more confused.
Well, I did have
the Beyoncé dress on,
and then I thought about
this one, and I put this one on,
and I thought about the
Beyoncé dress,
and then it was just
a tug of war with myself.
- It's the battle of her head and her heart.
- [Randy] Yeah.
So, do you feel like
you need just
- time to step away and think about it?
- I... yeah.
I think so, too.
Really had my heart set
on like...
saying yes today, but...
I don't know.
How do you pick a dress,
when they both
give you the same feeling?
Maybe I'll feel
differently tomorrow.
differently next week.
Um, I think time will tell.
Aww, thank you for everything.
Thank you, too.
Our pleasure.
[all exclaiming]
Kisses, kisses, kisses.
Oh, there you go.
Oh, you're a cutie!
[Morgan] I'm so excited
about getting into my dress.
It's crazy that the day is
finally here to actually wear it.
Three, two, one.
[all exclaiming] Aww!
This is gonna be the new
sport in the Summer Olympics.
- What are you doing?
- Rack and roll. Watch.
Rack, roll.
- Wait, wait, you're caught.
- I can get out.
- It's called... I got it.
- [shouting]
Working with brides today
has absolutely
been the most incredible
thing I have done all year long.
[laughing]
I can even
parallel park these now.
I do not miss my computer screen
at all.
And if it feels this good now,
I can't wait to see
what the future holds.
There you go, and done.
[suspenseful music playing]
Hi, girls. Are you ready
for your bride?
Yes.
My mom's opinion is like
the most important to me.
If my mom doesn't like it,
I'm gonna be a little upset.
- Aww!
- So pretty!
- So pretty, right?
- Yes.
- Wow!
- So pretty. You look like a princess.
- It like fits perfect. Isn't that crazy?
- Yeah, it really does.
Absolutely better
than I imagined.
Absolutely.
Yeah, you need the belt, right?
Being able to see it in person,
now I can see why you chose this
so quickly.
I mean, it's beautiful.
[Morgan] I'm just like so happy
to see her reaction. I can tell,
in that moment, she is just like,
"Okay, I get it, I love this dress,
it is so perfect, and you
made a great choice."
And I like the detailing, too. It's just
like better than I remembered it looking,
which is also good, because I
haven't seen it in like nine months.
No more second guessing
at all. This is my dress,
and I look amazing in it.
Are you going to have a
first look, with your fiance?
No, I'm not.
- You're gonna wait until...
- That's the one traditional thing, I think,
I wanted to keep. It's kinda
like one of the fun parts is...
waiting for him to see me walk
down the aisle, I don't know.
Our venue is insane.
It's like a renovated church
in Wilmington, North Carolina,
and it's on Juneteenth,
which is also
really important to us,
because we are
like an interracial couple.
So bringing both sides of our family
together is gonna be really fun and special.
[dramatic music playing]
I'm so excited
about getting into my dress.
It's crazy that the day is
finally here to actually wear it.
Three, two, one.
[all exclaiming] Aww!
[Darius] Well, I was
always told, you know,
if you're not nervous,
it means nothing to you.
So I am a little nervous, but I
am more anxious and happy.
I'm just ready to see my baby.
[all cheering]
[captivating instrumental
music playing]
[Darius] Morgan,
you mean so much to me.
[voice shaking] I don't care if it's
four people here or four hundred,
I just want you to know I
love you. You make me better.
You make me wanna take risks.
You make me wanna live better.
You make me wanna break curses.
And with you, that's what
I'm doing, I'm breaking curses.
When you came...
It's all right.
I love you so much,
and that's for a lifetime.
Why did I choose to go
after that? [all laughing]
I don't know,
but I love you so much.
You're everything. You're...
We're officially a family now.
You're my best friend
for ever and ever,
like you said, we're in this
for a lifetime. You're the best.
- Darius, do you take Morgan to be your lawfully wedded wife?
- Oh, I do.
Pledging before God
and these witnesses?
I do.
-With this ring,
- I thee wed.
I now pronounce you are
husband and wife.
Darius, you may kiss your bride.
[all cheering]
When I saw her walk down
the aisle, she looked amazing.
The dress
was absolutely gorgeous.
- It feels crazy to be married.
- Yeah.
[Darius] I'm happy. I'm
speechless. There you go.
- No words. We're super happy.
- No words.
[Morgan] It was the perfect night, and we
were so happy to be with everyone we love.